Hi, this is a question for exercise 95 and for this exercise I'd like to ask you to create a program
that asks the user to enter some values, enter some values separated by commas.
Let's say the user enters Mars, Jupiter, Earth, and Earth.
And once they use presses enter the program will store those values in a text file.
So if there is no text file a new text file will be generated.
So it was, this was just generated.
And so you see these three values in there.
Also you want to have the program to add new values to that text file.
When someone executes the program again.
So let's say I'm adding Pluto in there. Enter and you see Pluto is added there.
Yeah that's the functionality I'd like to have for this program.
I hope you solve it and I'll talk to you later.